[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
the primitive Majin Buu
demonstrated his
unstoppable might.
Citizens of Planet Earth!
Raise your hands in the air!
[NARRATOR]
Vegeta wagered everything
on a Super Spirit Bomb
made from the combined energy
of everyone on Earth.
Unfortunately...
You're not gonna do
what that dude said, are you?
Nah. He's sounds like some
wacked out super villain.
That guy sounded like
a total creep.
It's your planet! How much more
do we have to sacrifice
before you take
responsibility for it?!
Hey! You stupid earthlings!
Fight for your
own planet for once!
[NARRATOR] Hurry, everyone!
Goku needs you!
Send him your
spirit energy, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[DENDE] Goku hasn't gathered
spirit energy from anyone
other than his close friends!
[KIBITO KAI] Vegeta, perhaps you
should try asking the earthlings
for help a bit more politely?
[ELDER KAI]
Ha, not very likely!
That man's one big ball
of pride and stubbornness!
[VEGETA]
I'm... I'm begging you.
[ALL gasp]
[ELDER KAI]
What the heck?
[VEGETA]
Lift up your hands! P-Please!
[GOKU grunting]
Did he just say "Please"?
[VEGETA grunting]
I'm begging you! Please!
Raise your palms to the sky!
I... think I...
should raise 'em like he says.
No way! I wouldn't! Something
really bad could happen!
[gasps]
[MAN 65B]
I'm telling ya, you'll be sorry!
[panting]
That was... intense.
All my energy... was sapped.
What'd I tell ya?
This here,
it's some kind of trap!
Listen, everybody, be careful!
They're trying to steal
all your energy from ya!
[MAN 65C] It looks like it
hurts! Don't fall for it, guys!
No matter what,
keep your hands down!
[MAN 65D] Yeah, right! Like
anyone's gonna take orders
from some strange
voice in the sky!
[MAN 65E] How do we know
this isn't just
that Babidi creep again?
Damn it!
[rumbling]
[KID BUU]
Hmm.
[BUU groaning]
[yells]
--[KID BUU yelling]
--[BUU hollering]
This isn't good!
The fat one is about to die!
It's hard to watch!
Even if it's nothing
but just a dream!
--[KID BUU grunting]
--[BUU hollering]
--[KID BUU chuckles]
--[BUU groans]
Aaaah!
[MR. SATAN]
Ah! Buu!
[VEGETA]
He won't last much longer!
Damn it! That's it! I can't
take any more of this!
[MR. SATAN yells]
Leave him alone!
Uh oh. I hit him.
[MR. SATAN]
I shouldn't have done that.
[hollers]
Uh?!
Oh, damn it!
[KID BUU grunting]
He's on to us! And he's mad!
[yells]
I'll do what I can to
buy you a little more time,
but it's up to you
to convince those idiots
on Earth to save themselves!
[GOKU]
Buy some time?
How are you supposed to
do that in your condition?
You haven't even regained
all your energy yet!
[laughing]
Are you mocking me?
How dare you!
[coughs]
[KID BUU laughs]
Vegeta!
[groans]
Hey! Kakarot! Hurry up!
--[KID BUU grunts, yells]
--[VEGETA groans]
Tell those darn earthlings to--
Hey! People of Earth!
I'm begging you!
Please, share your
spirit energy!
I need everybody's help
or this won't work!
Raise your hands up now!
We're out of time!
Dad. That voice.
It sounds like...
Yes. At last
we discover the source
of these mysterious messages.
It is our old friend Goku.
He and his people fight
Majin Buu on our behalf.
[GOKU]
Can you guys hear me okay?
I really need you to
give me your spirit energy!
Oh, yes, that is
definitely Goku's voice!
[BORA] Come, Upa,
lift your hands to the sky!
All of you,
raise your hands! Do it now!
Goku! Please take our power
and use it to defeat Buu!
[YAJIROBE] Well, I have to say,
Goku always manages
to hang in there somehow,
no matter what
kind of trouble
he gets himself into.
I mean, you really gotta
hand it to the guy, you know.
Right?
[A17] Hmm, that's a
blast from the past.
Hm. Long time
since I've heard it,
but I know that voice.
[HUNTER 65A]
The one from earlier?
[HUNTER 65B]
Yeah, he was a real big fella--
[HUNTERS yell]
Oh. You read my mind. Hm.
[TIEN yells]
This is every bit of energy
I've gained through my training!
I give it all to you!
Use it, Goku! Use it
to rid the world of Buu!
[GOKU] That's a good start,
people, but I'm gonna need you
to share a whole lot
more than that!
Hey Snow, you know
who that is? It's Goku!
Oh yeah, you're right.
That's definitely him!
Those were the days!
What, that's little Goku?
Uh-huh. All grown up.
[PEOPLE laughing]
--[GIRL A laughs] That's cool!
--[BOY A] Yeah, it was epic.
[GOKU] Come on! What are you
waiting for, people?!
Hurry and put your hands up!
[MAN 65F] I don't know, this guy
sounds pretty sincere to me.
[MAN 65G] No way, man,
don't fall for it!
He's gotta be one of Buu's guys!
[WOMAN 65A] Yeah, there's
something fishy about all this.
I mean, they won't even
tell us who they are!
[MAN 65H]
If you do what he says,
you're just asking for trouble.
[KID BUU laughs]
[grunts]
[GOKU] It's no use! This thing's
barely grown at all!
[gasps]
Vegeta! Hang in there!
[VEGETA gasps]
You know, you're barking up
the wrong tree there, moron.
'Cause the one who's
gonna kick your ass,
is this guy here!
[KID BUU chuckles]
[yells]
--[KID BUU grunting]
--[VEGETA groaning]
Listen, everybody,
I need that spirit energy now!
Why? Why don't they get it?
Why's everybody
being so stubborn?
[GOHAN] Oh, no. It seems like
most of the people on Earth
aren't giving
their energy to Dad.
It wasn't long ago
that they were burned
by Babidi and Buu,
so you can't really blame them
for being skeptical of another
mysterious voice from the sky.
[PICCOLO]
Hmmm.
[PICCOLO] All right.
Let's go down to the city.
We'll split up and
do our best to persuade
as many people
down there as we can
to offer up their spirit energy.
At the moment, I'm afraid
that's about all the help
we can give to this battle.
All right then. Let's go
persuade some people!
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Yeah!
Hey! Everybody, please,
you've gotta
raise your hands up now!
So I says to the guy...
[GOHAN]
Guys, listen to me, please,
you gotta lift your palms
up towards the sky!
If you don't raise your hands,
the earth is gonna be
in some serious
trouble again! Hey!
Please! Somebody!
Stop and listen to me!
[TRUNKS]
Hey, you!
This is no time
to be farming, mister!
Didn't you hear?
The earth is in danger!
Gee whiz kid,
I'm trying to work here.
Scram, will ya!
Everyone raise up your hands!
My dad is counting
on you to help him!
Boys, why don't you take these
and find another place to play.
[TRUNKS grunts]
[laughing]
Look what we got!
[screaming]
[WOMAN 65D]
Look out!
[MAN 65L]
Run! It's a monster!
[MAN 65M]
We're all doomed!
[PEOPLE screaming]
[PICCOLO]
Hmph!
[VEGETA yells]
-[KID BUU laughing]
-[VEGETA groaning]
[KID BUU chuckles]
Hey! What are you waiting for?
Or do you not care what happens
to the entire universe?
Dumbasses!
[MAN 65N] What'd he just
call us? "Dumbasses"?
[MAN 65O] That's no way to talk
to people when asking for help!
Just ignore that guy.
You know, I'm starting
to think that maybe
that whole Majin Buu business
never really happened.
That's right. It's entirely
possible that we could've
all just been subjected
to mass hypnosis.
[WOMAN 65G] I think I heard
about that on the television!
Why, you ignorant oafs!
Now that's enough out of you!
Quit yappin' and start helpin'!
Or would you dare ignore the
request of the great Mr. Satan?
[BOY 65B]
Ah! Mr. Satan!
Didn't you hear, Mom?
That was Mr. Satan's
voice just now!
Really? Are you certain?
Huh? Mr. Satan?
Whoa. I think
that that really was
Mr. Satan we heard, bro.
What is going on here?
[MAN 65S]
It's really him!
[MAN 65T]
It's Mr. Satan!
[MAN 65U] Wait a minute!
You mean to tell me
that the one who's
been fighting Majin Buu
all this time is Mr. Satan?
[chatter]
[WOMAN 65H]
I'm sure it's him! It has to be!
[MAN 65V]
It's our hero, Mr. Satan!
Yeah. That's right!
I wasn't gonna say anything,
but now it seems
my secret's out.
I'm kind of in the middle of
defeating Majin Buu right now,
so the sooner you send
your energy, the better!
[MR. SATAN laughing]
Hey, what other choice
do we have?
My fans would never believe
that I'm not the one
who's saving the day here.
And after all,
isn't stopping Buu
the number one
priority right now?
It's him! It's really him, guys!
That voice belongs to Mr. Satan!
[ALL cheering]
[ALL chanting]
Mister! Satan! Mister! Satan!
[SHARPNER, ERASA]
[chanting continues]
Mister! Satan! Mister! Satan!
Mister!
[GOKU]
Uh? There we go!
[laughing]
Yeah!
[VEGETA groans]
[groans]
[ALL chanting]
Mister! Satan! Mister! Satan!
--[chanting continues]
--[PICCOLO chuckles]
Well, well.
Underestimated you, Mr. Satan!
[laughing]
[PEOPLE OF EARTH]
Mister! Satan! Mister! Satan!
[GOHAN]
Now that's more like it!
Yeah!
[TRUNKS]
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
♪
--[VEGETA yells]
--[KID BUU grunts]
[GOKU] It's almost filled up!
It'll just be a little longer!
You've gotta hold out
just a bit longer, Vegeta!
Hey! It's still not enough!
If anybody hasn't
put their hands up,
then do it already!
--[KID BUU yells]
--[VEGETA groans]
[groaning]
Ah! Damn, it's no use!
[gasps]
There it is!
[hollers]
[GOKU]
This is so cool!
[laughing]
[KID BUU grunting]
[VEGETA chuckles]
Get outta the way, Vegeta!
Now! Let's go!
[KID BUU grunting]
[VEGETA grunting]
Vegeta! You gotta
get out of there!
I heard you, but my body--
It won't move!
What? You're kidding!
Listen, you've gotta do
whatever you can
to get out of there, Vegeta!
Otherwise, you'll get
hit by this, too!
[exhales]
You big sissy.
Don't worry about me!
Just throw the thing! Do it now!
[KID BUU]
Huh? Huh? Huh?
[laughing]
[screams]
I don't know what to do!
[KID BUU chuckles]
[DENDE]
Oh, no! Vegeta!
With him in the way, Goku can't
launch the Spirit Bomb!
This is bad!
[FRIEZA laughing]
That weakness
will cost you big time.
[BABIDI] Buu! Now's your
chance! Let him have it!
[VEGETA]
Kakarot.
If you truly are a member
of the warrior Saiyan race,
then you won't hesitate!
[GOKU]
Yeah, but what about you?!
[KID BUU grunts]
[chuckles]
[yells]
Ah!
[KID BUU laughing]
[VEGETA]
Kakarot!
Vegeta.
[KID BUU laughing]
Damn it!
[MR. SATAN]
Hm?
Oh, Buu.
Buu! Are you all right?
Oh! Buu!
Wait, Buu.
Uh, Buu. What's going on?
[KING KAI]
Oh, no!
Goku! That Spirit Bomb
you worked so hard to create
will be useless
if you get killed!
So go ahead and
throw it already!
[KID BUU grunting]
[yells]
Ah! Damn you!
I can't hold off.
I'm sorry, Vegeta!
[laughing]
[BUU yells]
[KID BUU groans]
You go!
Huh?
Right. You got it! Here goes!
[BUU screams]
Thank you for that, Buu!
What are you waiting for? Do it!
Blow his evil pink behind
away already!
Nice work, Mr. Satan!
You might be the savior
of the world after all!
[KID BUU grunts]
And now, as for you, Buu, well,
I'm sending you to hell!
[KID BUU grunts]
[screams]
Go!
[KID BUU grunting]
What? No!
[GOKU]
Damn it! Keep going! Keep going!
[NARRATOR]
Thanks to Mr. Satan,
the Super Spirit
Bomb is complete.
Now, it falls on Goku to
restore peace to the galaxy--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Man, we're so close
to defeating Buu,
but I don't have
any strength left!
And somehow, Buu's pushing
back the Spirit Bomb!
[VEGETA]
Dende, Porunga!
Use the third wish
to restore Kakarot's power!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
We're all counting on you, Dad!
Now let's finally end this
fight, once and for all!